##From the Board##
Thank you to everyone who attended our July Board meeting. The main focus of our discussion was on upcoming capital improvements to our community’s infrastructure. For those who could not attend, the full meeting minutes are available on our website. As everyone is aware we just completed the Concrete Sidewalk Repairs. Sections of our sidewalks were replaced to improve safety and accessibility. Upcoming work is the Asphalt Parking Lot Repaving. The parking lot will be repaved to address wear and tear, potholes, and improve overall appearance on August 11th (Woodhollow and Soft Wind) and August 12th (Hearthstone). We appreciate your patience and cooperation during these projects. Please watch for posted signs and communications regarding temporary parking changes or access restrictions while work is underway.

It wouldn’t be Soapstone News if we didn’t mention trees! 
Reston Association has approved the removal of three trees within our cluster. This work is scheduled for August. 
We hope this will conclude the recent cycle of tree work. If you see any trees that seem to require maintenance let us know!
There are several things we would like to address in this newsletter that we hope people can take action on. The first is our Parking Policy. You can see a summary of our policy in this newsletter but please review it in detail on our website. The Board will start citing cars who are in violation of these policies. Please be neighborly and do not take visitor spots for a long time (for example cars that you don’t drive every day take up visitor spots near homes where people might need them). We hope that residents can follow these rules without us creating stricter parking rules or greater enforcement.

We as the (new) board have tried working on capital improvements in the cluster as well as tree work. However, there are many smaller jobs around the cluster that could really use a volunteer force of residents to tackle some smaller jobs that just seem too small to spend money on a contractor. May we incentivize you with free pizza and drinks to help us one Saturday a month to help with moving mulch, placing rocks to help with run off or fixing a fence? If so, please email us to join the Grounds-keeping Committee!

Finally, a few of our neighbors will be coming around to collect everyone's latest contact information. These will be published to the community with resident's approval.

Your Soapstone Cluster HOA Board of Directors
